---
layout: post
title: "November 15, 2013"
date: 2013-11-15 18:52:00
---

**Today was shit.** Just like I predicted.

**First off in the day was Socials,** so that's where I headed, and sat down in my seat when I got there. Sitting at a desk wears on you when you do it 7 hours a day, every day, 5 days a week, 4 weeks a month, 12 months a year (well for school, more like 9 months, but still), and that's why I know I can't work at an office job. Until I graduate I'm going to have to put up with it though. As soon as Mr. Allen started writing on the board I realized I'd forgotten my glasses, and since my parents weren't home I knew I had to go the rest of the day without my glasses, which isn't sublime. I sit in the front of the class for Math, which is good, because I definitely couldn't see from the back. As for Info Tech- there is no board to look at, the computer is in front of you. Science is okay because Mr. Ng projects everything he wants us to see onto a huge screen that I can see without trouble.

**But I couldn't see the board in Socials,** so I asked Daiya, the girl sitting next to me. She didn't really tell me anything other than "We have to write a paragraph on what started the French Revolution" which, now that I think about it, was quite clear. I was probably just not thinking straight because of the lack of sleep I've been getting lately because of Arrested Development. *Damn show is amazing.* I finished my paragraph in Socials and headed off to Math, which went pretty standard. We had a test, but I think I did fine on it. Probably 80%, which is either a B+ or an A- they don't really explain grades very clearly.

**Then I had Info Tech,** which I wasn't too disappointed about because it's 'Free Day Friday', basically a day where nobody does work, we just muck around on the computers. Turns out double block Info Tech is only Free Day Friday on the second block, so we had to work for the first hour. Once the first block of Info Tech was finished I went to eat Lunch in the video room. The bell rang shortly after and I headed back to Info Tech, where I worked on a stupid little app for an hour.

**I had Science last block, where I needed to complete work before I could do my test.** I went into another room with a bunch of other kids who hadn't finished the assignment and I finished it with them. Now the plan is to finish my test on Tuesday *or bust*.

**Maybe the day sounded more shitty in my head. I'm just glad it's over and I can get working on EduTeach, a recent project, with Lakota over the weekend.**

> **Edit: 3 Hours Later.**
If you look back at my older posts most of them seemed to have a small
moral at the end of something that I had learned that day (I know, I know, cliché). Lately I've been realizing this is dropping, especially in this post, where I barely wrote anything about anything. I'm going to start doing my best to go over what I learned.
