---
layout: post
title: "November 6, 2013"
date: 2013-11-06 20:24:00
---

Alright, well I’ve been listening to [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t0fZeySNck) for the past 20 minutes, trying desperately to get rid of my writers block. It might have helped, I don’t know. I need to get to this.

Today was ‘bring-your-annoying-shit-head-child-to-work-day’. It happens every year on the first Wednesday of November, and applies to every grade 9 in the BC school district. This means no school for a day, so most people do what they can to go to work with one of their parents if it means skipping school for a day. (While I’m writing this I can’t even think straight because of [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t0fZeySNck)).

Most of my friends went out with their parent (mom or dad, or whoever else takes care of them) and spent an entire day out working with them at whatever job they do. I went with my Dad, who does the most exciting job in the world, garage doors. He goes around fixing hinges, winding springs, and slickly slipping his business card into their shirt pocket. I have to admit, the day was fun. I mean, of course the ‘no school’ part was pretty great (aside from today being my ‘good day’ at school, the day with all my favorite classes), but I think I would have done this even if school wasn’t a part of it. We even went to Wendy’s for Lunch, so that was kinda awesome.

If it’s not clear enough, I do not want to be fixing garage doors when I’m older. I guess it’s kind of a ‘fail safe’ plan, worst case scenario, but my goal is Google, and anything below that would be not achieving my goal. Of course, I’m going to be working at other places on the way there, but Google is the main objective. After I work there for 5-10 years I hope to say goodbye to Google and start my own company, probably based on technology.

Comparing any tech company with garage doors is odd. Tech companies are not even remotely close to garage door fixing. One is coding, sitting in a chair all day, and eating snacks, while the other is heavy lifting, physical labour, and all the things I don’t enjoy too much. I’m not a huge guy, and I don’t really want to be. With that being said I still wouldn’t want to do garage doors for a living even if I was. Wait a minute, [the song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0t0fZeySNck) just stopped playing, let me go turn it back on.

Ok, it’s back on. Back to my post. I think the point of this ‘bring your kid to work day’ isn’t for your kid to think “I really want to do this job when I’m older”, I think it has more to do with teaching the kid work ethics, how to try your best at your job, and everything else they never teach you in High School because they can’t. Now, this is an obvious realization, I just wanted to point it out. Today, I learnt (learned?) presumably good work ethics, as I only attended 3 jobs (his schedule wasn’t very busy today). The biggest thing I think I learnt today was honesty, and let me tell you why. Every garage door has 2 springs that are winded up, and when you lift the garage door the springs unwind, taking tons of weight so you don’t have to. Of course, there are different springs for different weights for different doors, and figuring out how much a door weighs can be tricky. Estimation is key, and this isn’t awesome because if you estimate improperly you have to redo the entire job. Unfortunately, today was one of those days. Now, the spring was close to “good enough”, and we could have collected the paycheck right there, left, and nobody would every know about it. But, that’s not what we did. Instead, we took off the entire spring (we only needed to change one spring), and put another stronger one on. This entire completion basically doubled the time of the job from 1 hour to 2, making us 40 minutes late for our next job (obviously not good). The point I’m trying to get across here is that we could have left, but we didn’t. Ethics is important in life, never mind jobs. People like honesty, and although this guy didn’t even begin to comprehend what we’d done until we explained it to him it was the right thing to do. ***Don’t con people, that’s what I learned.***

**If I was supposed to learn something more, sorry. We didn’t really do much today except go to 3 houses, watch a movie on my Dad’s iPad, and eat Wendy’s for half and hour. But today was a pretty awesome day.**
