---
layout: post
title: "October 23, 2013"
date: 2013-10-13 12:35:00
---

Today was alright, but yesterday was better. Today, I had double block Math, which is my least favorite class, with my least favorite teacher. I also had Science at the beginning of the day with Mr. Ng, one of my favorite teachers. Not much happened today.

Like I was saying, yesterday was more interesting. Apple unveiled their brand new OS, Mavericks, named after a popular beach in California. I guess they’re done with cat names. I also had double block of video, which is the best class in my entire schedule. For the double block our teacher, Mr. French, put us into groups, which we would be filming with to collaborate on the next project, a horror film. We had 2 hours to plot out the entire movie, which isn’t a lot of time. We had to storyboard it as well, and even write down 9 different shots we’d use in our film (Only 9 shots because the film is supposed to be short). I got put in an odd group, but looking back I don’t think it’s that bad. I have Mackenzie, who’s known for having a super high pitched annoying voice, Mark, who is ‘that kid who still plays Pokémon’, Alex, who is actually a good friend of mine, but acts like he’s high 90% of the time I’m with him, Hailey, who’s also loud, and of course, me. Not too bad of a group, and hopefully our film will turn out to be good.

The movie we’re making hasn’t even been filmed yet, but we have a basic idea. I’m not going to talk about it here, but the video will be available on our YouTube channel [here](http://bit.ly/insidejokeproductions), once it’s out.

**I’m gonna go grab an iced tea. Toodles.**
