---
layout: post
title: "November 18, 2013"
date: 2013-11-18 20:58:00
---

**Today was amazing.** Almost everything that could go right today went right and almost everything that could have gone wrong today didn't. Let me tell you how it went.

**I woke up at 7:30.** My mom came downstairs and started talking to me without realizing the time (school starts at 8:15). I listened, but was curious if she would keep talking so I could be late (my first class was English which I'm not enjoying lately. If you're confused read my earlier posts). Sure enough she kept talking, and didn't stop until 8. I went upstairs to eat some Eggo's, which are my favourite food because they require almost no preparation or work. After eating I went and took a shower, then headed downstairs and got changed, dragged a comb across my head, threw my stuff in my backpack, pocketed some change for lunch and put my shoes on. By that time it was 9:10. I got in the car and headed off to school.

**By the time I got to school it was 9:30,** and I was late by 5 minutes to gym. If it were any other class I would have run and grabbed my books, but since it was gym I decided to go to the cafeteria and browse Reddit. My reasoning for this is simple: Every time I'm late to Gym my teacher marks me as completely absent. I decided I didn't feel like running around in shorts for an hour to get the same grade as if I hadn't, so I took my decision.

**The bell rang after the block was over,** and I started walking towards Video Production, which I was excited about because of the double block (today's block order for me was English-Gym-Video-Band). When I got there I sat down on my laptop and started touching up on the horror film we've been working on lately. I didn't really do anything especially exciting, but it was a fun, easy block. When the bell rang I went to Camy's Pizza for Lunch, and headed back to Video. When the second block started I did them same as the first. Easy 2 hours.

**My last block was Band,** which is another easy hour. I play stand-up bass, so I just stood up and plucked strings for 60 or so minutes.

**After band I went to the library and participated in 'Homework Club', a *'club'* where you go if you're not doing well with your academics.** In particular, I'm not doing great in Socials, so that's why I went. I did a bit of work there, and when it was over I went and found Mercedez, her friend Autumn, and my friend Cameron.

**We all went back to the Video Production room and we showed each other the films we've been working on.** *I gave Mercedez the free hug that I promised her* ***(and she promised me)***, and then we headed home. Autumn got her parents to pick her up, but Mercedez, Cameron and I had to walk home. **In the pouring rain.** Cameron had an umbrella, but I didn't fit so I went to the school's lost and found. There, I found a huge plastic bag which I wrapped myself in.

**Half way home Cameron had to leave** to go to his house, so *Mercedez and I were alone to talk.* Again, we didn't talk about anything particularly interesting, but just talking to her kept me happy. When we got to her house I gave her a hug and said goodnight, then headed back to my house, which is only a 30 second walk away.

**When I got home I put on some pajamas** and started changing up [imjosh.me](http://imjosh.me) for fun. I had Dinner, and now I'm here.

**Awesome day.**
