---
layout: post
title: "December 21, 2013"
date: 2013-12-21 20:33:00
---

**There's only a couple days until Christmas,** and I haven't written a post in almost two weeks.

**Odd enough,** I don't have much to talk about. Not a lot has happened in past 10 days, so I don't have a lot to write about. But, like every time I write, I start thinking about different things to talk about, which is something I love about writing (how one word leads to another, and you end up writing more than you initially think of).

**Currently,** I'm talking to Mercedez, browsing Twitter and watching Disney Christmas Specials on TV with my brother and sister. The Madagascar Penguin Episode is playing, which is actually pretty awesome. I loved Madagascar when I was younger, and I love it still. It's one of my last great childhood memories (Technically I'm still a child; I'm referring to younger years from age 5 - 10). It's a great movie, and like always I'm getting on a rant about things that are completely unimportant. The point is I love Madagascar.

**It seems I can't actually think of anything to write about right now.** Hopefully later I can come back and edit this to something accurate that's going on, if I can think of anything. I'll be sure to write as much as I can about Christmas this year, as it's a lot more exciting than right now. Last thing I mention is the fact that I want to start writing more interesting columns and posts about other things indifferent to my life. I wrote a couple on [Medium](http://medium.com), but they've since been removed as I was unhappy the way they turned out because I couldn't word anything properly (I couldn't focus during the current situation). Briefly put, one was a rant about the Internet, and the other about Social Networking. I might re-upload them some time if I have the time to correct the terrible English.

**Ciao.**
