---
layout: post
title: "November 2, 2013"
date: 2013-11-02 12:41:00
---

This post is addressed to Mercedez because she wanted me to make one today.

Since I usually blog because I had something particularly interesting happen on that day, today wasn’t super interesting, though that doesn’t make it a shitty day, because today was a pretty good day. I talked to Mercedez almost all day today, only stopping when I went to go eat Breakfast at 12:45 (more like Lunch, but I woke up late so I call it Breakfast), and Dinner at 7.

The day consisted of a couple things, mainly 3. *Talking to Mercedez, eating candy while on Twitter, and making a couple videos to post on YouTube.* The videos are boring tutorials, and the only reason I’m making them is for other people that enjoy the same shit as me (which are far and few between). I also like the money part of YouTube, so if I upload a tutorial every so often I can fatten up my wallet so I can buy a zebra or something of equal value. Mercedez and I talked for almost 12 hours straight, and we’re still talking. Chances are, like last night, we’ll be talking until midnight or past. If you’re paying attention you can probably guess I really like this girl, so kudos to you if you thought so. You guessed right. I guess the point of the blog here is to talk about things, so I’ll just go into detail about her, and if she comes across this post she can read all about herself and either be really creeped out, or get really happy. Hopefully it’s the second one. I’m also going to talk about some stuff that I haven’t told her yet, and I’m going to be sending her the link to this post after I’m done writing, so she’ll see it as soon as it’s posted.

Hi, Mercedez. I think you’re really cute. And funny. And you know how to make me smile. I don’t see you much often, and even last year you were only in 2 of my classes, so I only got to see you for an hour a day, which definitely wasn’t enough. Lately, I’ve been notified of the fact that you liked me, and let me explain what that means to guys for a sec. Guys have a weird level of expressing what they like with a girl. With typical guys, there are 3 stages. There’s the “she’s pretty cute” stage, where the guy simply acknowledges that the girl is attractive. This means almost nothing to the guy, because he’s just stating that she’s cute. Like a puppy. Then, there’s the “I like her” stage, where the guy feels emotionally connected with the girl. There’s still the “she’s cute” stage latched on, but the guy feels a lot more with her. He’s either friends with her, or he enjoys his time with her, or whatever it is. More or less, this stage is described easiest by saying it’s like the “personality” stage. The last stage is “I would date her”. This is the highest caliber of stages, basically the girl is Level 1 Billion Awesome if you consider her high enough up to be at this stage.  This means you would cuddle and kiss, and all the cute shit you see in movies (I’m aware I’m starting to talk like a girl, but nonetheless, this is what guys think of. Everyone likes cuddling). To me, this stage can only be achieved if the guy and the girl have been friends. I can’t speak for anyone else, but to me relationships are pointless and ineffective if the guy and the girl weren’t almost best friends before hand. I’ll probably get kicked in the head for pointing that out (or maybe not, since nobody reads this blog), but that’s my opinion on things.

With Mercedez, I don’t feel like we’re there yet. I feel like we’re between stages. I like her, a lot. I just don’t think it would feel normal to start dating this minute. The same thing happened a couple months ago, before Summer started. Mercedez and I were basically ‘flirting’ (I really don’t know what flirting counts as, but to me it was), and it got to the point where I felt pushed to ask her out, but I didn’t feel comfortable doing so. I want this to change. I want to get to know her enough to feel comfortable enough to go out with her, but right now I don’t feel like it would work. I want to see her as much as I can, and get to know her like I should already. There’s so much I don’t know, and I feel obliged to learn it before anything happens. And as soon as I feel I know everything about her, and I feel comfortable with her, we can cuddle, and do all the cute shit in movies. And date. That’ll be the best part. Anyways, bye Mercedez.

**Well that was my post for today. Merry New Year.**
