---
layout: post
title: "November 12, 2013"
date: 2013-11-12 21:05:00
---

**Today was a good day.**

I had a couple awesome classes today, some which I enjoyed more than usual. This morning I had **video production**, and recently our project is a horror film. A couple of people were shoved into a group, and I ended in a group with a couple people I'm not too familiar with, one that I'm friends with and another that I'm *acquainted* with. I talked about this on [October 23](http://joshuatrommel.com/october-23-2013) when I was put into the group, so read up on that if you haven't already.

Today we filmed a bit more, but not much progress was being done. We ended up getting only *5 shots completed* by the end of class.

Next was Band. Lately I've been growing quite fond of band, simply because I've been getting better at the bass. In my first year of Band *(last year)* I barely knew how to hold the bass properly, never mind play the proper notes. This year I've started learning a lot more about how to play, and I'm finally able to actually contribute to the band, which is *kinda awesome*.

English was next, which I don't care for. Like I mentioned on [November 4](http://joshuatrommel.com/november-4-2013), Mr. Rice seems to be getting really sick of the kids in my class, so lately he's been getting pretty angry and losing his patience relatively quickly. Fortunately we didn't have to do any work because we had an assembly immediately.

The assembly was a cliché bullying assembly until the ending, where the presenter told us he was gay, which shocked everyone for some reason. Then the guy went on about a boy named Jamie who was bullied. Worse turned to worse and let's just say *'bad things happened'*. It was a sad story but it didn't really make me reconsider anything. **As far as I know, I'm don't bully anyone.** I agree with the message that people are trying to send, but I think we need to take a different approach towards it. Instead of trying to get bullying to stop *(shocker: it's not going to)* I think people should learn how to stand up for themselves and not take shit from other people. There's so many sad stories on the news in the past years, and it makes me wonder if those people could've ignore it, or better yet get it to stop themselves. *Their lives would have changed for the better.*

After the motivational speech we went back to English to work. The only work we were actually given was an assignment regarding the 'bring-your-kid-to-work-day'. Needless to say I didn't wan't to write another essay about it because I already have one written *(I wrote one on [November 6](http://joshuatrommel.com/november-6-2013)).* I wrote it anyway, and got on with my day.

My last block was gym, and it was *awesome*. We played dodgeball with the Grade 11's, and were obliterated, but it was fun while it lasted.

After school I had Jazz band, and I forgot to get a chair when we set up, so *I had to stand for an entire 90 minutes.*

**Tomorrow is going to suck.**
