---
layout: post
title: "November 28, 2013"
date: 2013-11-28 20:23:00
---

**Today was pretty cool,** but it didn't start off pretty cool.
I had to wake up at 6AM for Jazz Band, which I don't like doing. I was tired, and I had to go play stand-up bass for an hour.

**After Jazz I had English,** which was pretty simple, because we just watched a movie. We've been reading [In the Heat of the Night](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(novel)), and it's not that bad of a story. Today we watched the movie for it, and I ended up falling asleep after watching it for 5 minutes. I woke up with my hands asleep as the bell rang.

**I had Gym next,** which was shitty. We were forced against our will to do push-ups, sit-ups, and run up and down the stairs all class. After Gym a couple of my friends and I booked it to Video Production class because we knew we were watching 'Alien', and we wanted to grab the couch before anyone else got it. We watched Alien for the entire hour of class, then through lunch, and finished it in the second block of the double block. We had to do a couple easy questions on the movie, answering things like "What makes this a typical Sci-Fi movie", but they were simple.

**Last block, I had Music,** which was alright. I finally got my normal bass fixed, so I was able to sit down for the hour of class, *which was a relief.*

**Once school was over** I went and hung out with Mercedez, Alex and Phil in the Video Production room. I edited a little bit of [the recent project I've been fucking around with](https://vimeo.com/80527481), and then we left the school and walked home together.

**On the way home from school** Mercedez and I held hands for the first time, which was pretty cute (I point the little things out because I enjoy them). She makes me so happy, and I feel as if we're already dating, but I don't know. *Hold on, here comes the opinion trip.* The thing with my school when 'asking a person out' is to do it in an odd fashion. Asking someone out is standard procedure for... asking someone out, like to the movies, or dinner. Everyone at my school uses this term for dating though, basically meaning that if you don't say to the girl "Do you want to go out?" you're not dating, even though in the *real world* people simply become better and better friends until they become so close that they start cuddling, kissing, hugging and all the awesome stuff that comes with having a relationship *(I've worded this sentence the best I could but I don't even understand it myself).* Obviously you don't have to do this if you don't want. Girl-friends are cool too, just not equivalently cool. The 'issue' I'm facing is how this is going to work out with Mercedez. The impact of 'How people ask people out' has gotten to me, and *I feel like it's not dating unless I say something like that,* which I don't really like the concept of. Anyways, that's just my opinion, so there's probably going to be people who disagree. Regardless, that's how I feel, and I don't think that's going to change. On that note, I'll just post this to Twitter and hope people like it. I'm assuming that none of this makes sense because I'm tired as hell, but if it gets through to anyone I'll be happy.

**I love you guys <5**
