---
layout: post
title: "November 1, 2013"
date: 2013-11-01 12:38:00
---

*I have absolutely no fucking clue what happened last night.*

The night started out as I kinda pictured it would. At 14, most people don’t want to give candy to you, especially when your costume is dumb as shit (I went as a nerd [easiest thing to pull off], Phillip went as an Asian Tourist [he's actually been planning this for a while, and he's been pretty excited about it too], and Mercedez [another friend] went as Facebook [she literally wrote "Book" to a piece of paper and held it to her head]). But we weren’t going out for too long, and we were mainly just going out for a fun time, to talk, and to laugh about whatever came up. I think in total we only knocked on 15 doors, which is probably near to the same amount a 5 year old would get.

Anyways, Phil’s over, we go to Mercedez’ house, which just happens to be right next door (Mercedez just moved in across the street a couple weeks ago). We head out, and the first house we knock on gives us an entire full chocolate bar. More of this continues to happen, which I guess makes sense, maybe because everyone felt it was out last Halloween, even though our last Halloween should have been 2 years ago. I agree, and I felt like a tool walking around demanding candy from strangers, but I still had a good time, mostly because 90% of the time we were walking around wasn’t banging on doors. We just had a fun time.

We ended up at Annabelle’s house (another friend), and she gave us her entire bowl of candy, which was cool. She was having a party, but we didn’t stay, for whatever reason. Thinking back now, it would have been pretty awkward to waltz into her house uninvited (even though she had invited me a couple weeks ago). We left her house and continued our quest of epic solitude.

We continued walking, and ended up past the BMX Track, which is fairly far. This is where weird shit started to happen (to me anyways). I guess I was tired, and I felt woozy. It felt like I was in a dream, and that’s where we decided to circle around the block and turn home, because it was almost pitch black anyways. Don’t worry, nobody dies in this story.

It took a while to get home, and I think it was quarter-after-eight, and dark outside before we did. When we got home, Mercedez went back to her place and Phil and I dumped out candy on the ground in my bedroom and started playing BlackJack against each other to try and win some candy. Then I texted Mercedez to come over and play BlackJack with us, so she did. Minutes later, Tyler and Sami arrived, and walked into my bedroom uninvited.

We all played BlackJack together, and then Tyler and Sami had to leave to get back home. By that time it was about 9. Then, Phil, Mercedez and I played “fuck, marry, kill”, basically the best game in the world. The point of the game is all shit’s and giggles. Basically, you take turns naming off 3 people, and everyone has to say who they’d fuck, who they’d marry, and who they’d kill. It’s a intellectually structural game, and has been proven to be helpful with neurology studies (yuk yuk). That game lasted surprisingly long, and at 10 PM Mercedez walked home and Phil got picked up by his Dad.

That was about the time I decided to go lie on the side of my bed and try to get to sleep, which I did. Happy Halloween, I guess.

> **Edit: November 2, 2013**

> I guess the entire post was more or less a Halloween post, making the title (November 1, 2013) irrelevant. The post was written on that date, but was about October 31, 2013. Decide yourself what you want to call it.
