---
layout: post
title: "November 4, 2013"
date: 2013-11-04 12:51:00
---

*New post. Alright, think.*

What did I do today. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. I’m sitting here thinking about absolutely nothing. I’m filling my head with boringness, but today is Monday, and tomorrow is Tuesday, and Tuesday is when I’m supposed to write a blog post, and I like being early for things like this, so I’m writing my post today. Oh look, I got a text. I’ll just go check that.

Again, nothing really happened today. I had English first block, with a teacher that’s gradually getting more and more “sick of everyone’s shit”, which is understandable, just annoying because nobody understands the crap he goes through, and he’s pissed out of his mind by the end of each class. I have friends, which I love, but most of my peers act retarded sometimes. And hey, so does everyone. It’s just annoying when their actions affect others. Same goes with the drug assembly that happened today. Because of a couple idiots who do drugs in the corner of the school’s property every grade 9 in the school had to attend an hour long talk about why drugs are bad. Things like this piss me off a little. In my own opinion, I think we should single the kids who are dealing out the issue and address them, because everyone else who hasn’t caused an issue yet probably won’t. And I don’t mean “never address drugs until the people have tried drugs”, I mean if by 14 the kid hasn’t done drugs don’t teach them the same thing about narcotics and stimulants and depressants and all the random crap we don’t need to know. It’s really (what’s the word) unfair, that everyone has to deal with the consequences. Because of this hour long assembly I lost an hour of filming time. Unfair.

Well I guess I did have a lot to say, most of it wasn’t very positive though. I guess that’s expected when I’m here to talk about everything and everyone on my mind. Not really sure what else to write about, because that was essentially my day.

**When I got home I took off my shoes and browsed Reddit and YouTube, while talking to Mercedez and friends on Twitter. Not a productive day, but not a bad day.**
