---
layout: post
title: "December 29, 2014"
date: 2013-12-29 20:29:00
---

**In all honesty, I have no idea what I'm going to write about.** This happens every time I start writing about my day (or week, or whatever), but usually I end up figuring it out. I reference this fact a lot, mostly because of how true it is. *I have no idea what I'm doing.*

**I guess I'll write about a couple days, from December 25 up to now.**

**Christmas was 4 days ago.** It didn't go as expected, but that's not a negative thing. Christmas seems to get more and more different every year. Most of this is based of age. At 14, the whole 'magic' of Christmas disappears. I don't mean that in a sense of  "I'm older, I'm too good for Christmas", but more of: Once the entire Santa magic has vanished, Christmas doesn't seem so magical anymore. I might sound like a child because I'm focusing on this as my topic; I realize that. I still enjoy Christmas more than any other holiday of the year because it's the one time where all of your loved ones, friends, family, you name it, get together in one place, eat an awesome meal and trade some presents. I received socks, shampoo, some posters for my blank wall, and a book all about the different items that signified The Beatles. I was also incredibly lucky to receive a Timex Watch and a Canon T3i. All the gifts I received were so thoughtful *(especially the socks)*, so thank you to everyone who was kind enough to get me a present, I hope I'm not forgetting anything. Christmas this year was amazing, thanks to family who came and visited. *You guys made it magical.* I stayed up until 2 in the morning watching movies on Netflix. Great way to end Christmas Day.

**Boxing Day was 3 days ago.** It went partially the way I expected. I woke up at noon, due to the lack of sleep I'd gotten from Christmas. I went upstairs, texted Mercedez & Phil and slowly ate Cheerios at the kitchen table. The plan for today was to hangout with Mercedez. I was tired as hell, and I didn't want to put on pants, in fact I barely did anything all day. I didn't really have a valid excuse other than the fact that I didn't want to hang out with anyone. *Sorry, Mercedez, for blowing off our plans on Boxing Day, I am a major douchebag.*

**December 26 was 2 days ago,** and it was one of the best days of the week, if not the month, if not the year. There were bumps, but it was mainly one good thing after another. I woke up at noon again after a night of watching movies and headed upstairs where I texted Mercedez & Phil (I do this almost every morning). Phil was coming by Mercedez' house to pick up his Christmas present (cookies), so he asked me if we wanted to hangout today. I told him that was ok, so when he arrived at Mercedez' house I walked over as well and we all exchanged gifts. Mercedez gave me a little bag with 2 presents in them and told me to open them up later. I gave Phil a journal for the stories he writes, and Mercedez [Looking for Alaska](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Looking_for_Alaska), a book which I think somewhat *(if just a partially)* describes our relationship. We then headed over to my house where we sat on the couch downstairs and talked. My brother had a hockey game, so everyone left. Phil, Mercedez and I went outside and walked down the street talking and figuring out what to do. We decided to go back to the house, sit on the porch and talk more, and that's what we did. We found a bowl full of squishy water balls (you don't know how hard it is to describe these things) and we started throwing them at each other.

**I know blogs are supposed to be intelligent & meaningful, & you're supposed to learn something from all of it, but omit that. Forget it. We threw squishy water balls at each other**

**We continued this until Phil decided to tell a really in-depth pornographic story,** which I'm not going to get into. At that point Phil had to leave because he was visualizing the pornography in the story too realistically. Mercedez came and sat on my lap and we talked. The entire time I kept looking into her eyes and thinking how lucky I am to have her. After about an hour she went home so I went inside the house to talk to Phil, who was playing League of Legends on his new laptop. He brought his computer upstairs, and I went to check how [Podbeat](http://podbe.at) was doing with Lakota. Turns out he had stayed up all night on *his* new laptop (everyone got a laptop for Christmas) coding Podbeat. He'd practically finished it. He'd coded the entire back-end of the site in less than a week, and it worked astoundingly. I was stoked, and put everything together from today I couldn't wipe the smile off my face. I fixed a couple issues with the site (a couple things turned invisible or black), and went over to watch Phil play some games on Steam. He went home 15 minutes later and I feel kind of bad for not spending some more time with him. *Sorry, Phil, for blowing off our plans on the 27th, I am a major douchebag.*

**December 28th was yesterday.** I almost did nothing, and then I did something. I woke up at noon after watching Netflix all night (becoming a habit), and did my usual 'Text Mercedez & Phil while I eat cereal' routine. I didn't even put on pants until Mercedez invited me over to her house at *(I think)* 4. I put some pants on and walked over to her house. She invited me in and brought me to her room. Her friend Autumn was there and she said hi. I sat in the middle of the room on the floor. Mercedez was sitting in a chair on her new laptop *(if you're keeping track, that's 3 people with new laptops)*, and Autumn was sitting on Mercedez' bed. I took out my phone and put it on the ground where Autumn took it and started taking selfies. After about 15 minutes Autumn got a call from her dad telling her she had to come home, leaving Mercedez and I alone in her bedroom.

**Calm down. Don't let your mind wander.**

**Mercedez came and sat down on the floor with me,** and we talked. I kept trying to take pictures of her but she evaded them like always. We continued talking. I kept looking into her eyes. She was beautiful. She was cute, funny, crazy, just all around amazing.

**I don't know if it's weird to try sneaking in compliments towards people through blog posts, but I seem to do it a lot. I guess I write not only about what happens throughout the day, but also my experiences, and how I interpret the things that occur.**

**I kept staring at her.** She was smiling. She had a gorgeous smile. I moved over to lean against her bed and she moved with me. I put my arm around her and leaned my head back. I kept looking at her, feeling the urge to kiss her. My phone buzzed. My mom wanted me to come home because there was no supervision in her house. Feeling childish, I told Mercedez about it, then got up to leave. I put my shoes on and she walked me to the door. I kissed her goodnight and walked out, making sure to do [the famous Breakfast Club fist pump](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TkVjkvaeFnQ) on my way home. When I got home I lied on the couch, continued to talk to Mercedez and, of course, watch Netflix.

**Today is December 29.** Almost nothing happened today besides talking to Mercedez and Phil (the routine) and writing this post. It's 9PM, so I don't think anything else will happen, but if it does I'll make sure to update this post.

**Shit, this post is really long.** I'm going to go talk to Mercedez and watch some Netflix. **Goodnight <3**
