---
layout: post
title: "September 22, 2014"
date: 2014-08-30 12:01:00
---

About an hour ago, now, I started ranting on
Twitter about multiple different feelings and thoughts
that I've been kind of thinking recently, but was
never able to properly put into a big statement of words.
After finishing that up, I thought that I
should probably just write a blog
post explaining my thoughts on the subject
that I was discussing.
So, here it is.

The topic for today is **how I don't like making
subpar things**, mostly. My point with this being that
I want to make things that I'm proud of, and recently
I haven't found that to be the case.

<i>Define <strong>recently</strong></i>.

Recently being mostly the past two years, but
past that relatively remains true, as well.
I'm not really going to get into before the past
two years, because quite frankly I can't clearly remember
much about then (Elementary School).

Tomorrow, I'm going to arrive at school for my
first day of grade 10, my third year in high school.
The past two years began in grade 8, being my first year
of high school, which is where I remember clearly realizing
that I wasn't putting effort into things as much
as I might have used to. This didn't really bother me
too much until I realized that it was having an impact on
my grades. Even then, it didn't hit too badly because of
the whole "grade 8 grades don't affect you in the real world"
speech. So, I rolled with that, because it was an excuse
to not put effort into things. I did that for basically the
entire of year of grade 8, if I recall correctly, and it
got me through the year. I think I had something
around a C+ average for that year, which, in my opinion, is
pretty bad (it's below average, which I consider to be a B
(and, of course, the goal is an A)).

Without thinking, I kind of stumbled into my second
year of high school, unaware that things were kind of
toning up to get me ready for this year. I didn't take
grade 9 very seriously, either, which is something
I also regret. I remember having a lot of fun in grade 9,
which is great, but even now I can't remember any assignment
or project that I put too much effort into. A few classes
I do remember putting more effort into than others, such
as things like Video Production, as I favour it to
other classes, but even in classes like Video Production
I know that I didn't put as much effort as I possibly could,
forward, onto the table.

Recollecting this now gives me
a multitude of thoughts and emotions, mostly
"why didn't you try harder, you little prick."
And the answer to that is simple: *I didn't have to.
I was able to get by without trying.* I didn't *have*
to try, so I didn't. Right off the bat, this is a
terrible mindset to live by, and I guess I kind of knew
this at even the start of grade 8, and probably before
that, as well. The difference is that I never enforced it
onto myself, which is where things really matter. You can
say all you want, but it's the things that you do that
make you who you are. If I tell myself that I'm going
to put effort into my work in grade 10 but then never
pull through and show what I say, it defeats the entire
purpose.

One of the biggest things that I regret in school
is not trying in grade 8, because I had important
opportunities in grade 8 and I missed them because
I was too distracted with other things. To explain
myself a bit better, I'm going to write out what's mostly
on my mind with the whole "grade 8 regretting" thing.
In grade 8 I was accepted into the honour roll for Math,
which was a \*<strong><i>honour</strong></i>\*. I remember using every
excuse in the book to avoid doing homework for the class
because I would've rather be doing things like
hanging out with friends, etc. While those things
are important, I wish that I had taken the Math honours
class more seriously at the time because at the end of the
year I didn't have a high enough grade to be accepted
into the grade 9/10 Math (Math for exceeding grade 9
  students that finishes the Math 9 curriculum in the first
  3 months of school and then focuses on the Math 10
  curriculum for the remaining 7). A few of my friends,
although, put more effort into their work in the grade 8
honours class, and were then accepted into the grade 9/10
Math class the following year. In grade 9 I was put back
into an average math class while the friends were learning
at a faster pace than I was, and if I had just put more
effort and initiative into my work in grade 8 then I would've
(probably) been accepted into the Math 9/10. Instead, though,
I was learning at a normal speed, which is fine, but it's
not anything out of the ordinary, and it certainly
isn't interesting.

Because of my fuck up in grade 8, things dominoed into
my grade 9 year, which is now domino-ing into my grade 10
year because I'm now going into Math 10 while those friends
are skipping into Math 11. An entire year, wasted, because
of low effort and initiative.

I've probably gone on way too long, at this point.

My point being for all of this is that I really wish
that I had tried harder in my earlier years because
now I'm (relatively) screwed, and the only person
I can blame is myself.

**TLDR;** Putting effort and initiative into work
in earlier years will help support later years, as well.
Regardless of the excuses you/I are told ("grade 8
and 9 grades don't matter"), it doesn't change
the fact that if you use those excuses you're going to
get fucked over later in your life. Your decisions,
your life, man, and if you decide to use excuses
you're the one that's going to **GET PUNK'D**.

\*<strong><i>Bowing</strong></i>\* Thank you for your time.
