---
layout: post
title: "April 30, 2014"
date: 2013-12-21 23:30:00
---

**Holy shit, it's been over a month since I've last wrote in here.** Alright, let's get to talking.

**Alright, so since I last wrote, lots of things have happened.** I didn't really go over what happened on vacation all the way back in March, so I'll briefly go over that.

**Over Spring Break,** the family jumped in a car and hauled ass down in a minivan to Seattle. Vancouver to Seattle is a long drive. Four hours or something, I don't remember. Then we hopped on a plane, which was actually pretty cool. We were with Virgin Airlines, and their style of "professionalism" differs quite a lot from generic airlines. It was a pretty good flight. I did stuff on my laptop- mostly making an app based on one of my friends, [Braeden](https://twitter.com/Braeden_Mayer), called Braeviation (I forget how to spell it.) The app was influenced by planes because Braeden has a weird addiction to planes. I don't know, ask him.

**When we got off the plane,** I saw a guy with a [WordPress](https://twitter.com/wordpressdotcom) shirt, so I mentioned it to my dad. He went and asked the guy if he worked at WordPress, to which the guy apparently replied with "yeah". He then found us later before we got on our bus and gave me some free WordPress stickers, saying he "heard I was a WordPress fan". Cool guy, and it was cool to meet a WordPress dev / employee. I think I shook his hand before we left.

**We arrived at our destination, which, by the way, is a cruise down to Mexico,** at about noon. But instead, we went and checked into a hotel, because the boarding for the cruise was the next day. While we were at the hotel, I accidentally uninstalled Ruby. I forgot to reinstall it.

**We boarded our cruise the next morning at some ridiculous time like 8 or something.** I was tired. I'm tired now. I'm almost always tired. *C'est la vie.*

**On the ship we god our rooms and stuff.** We were assigned our own butler which was cool. His name was *Efrin*, so naturally we started calling him *Zac Efrin*. Good times. There was an ice cream machine on the cruise, and almost all food on deck is free, so I had a lot of ice cream. We were on the boat for one week and I must have had 47 ice creams.

**I played a lot of Guitar Hero in the arcade on the ship.** I think I spent at least $20 on that one machine. The cruise didn't have internet (well it did, but it costed $100 for every 75 minutes on the internet, which is ridiculous), so we didn't use it. I spent a lot of time programming random "projects".

**We got off and explored Mexico on the third, fourth and fifth day.** Mexico is cool, but I prefer Canada. Not going to go into deep detail of Mexico because I don't feel like it, but the food there was extravagant.

**On the way home, we were told there was a surprise Disneyland visit booked,** so that was cool. I finally got internet at the hotel, so I pushed all my shitty code to GitHub. Disneyland was pretty awesome, and they had some new cool rides we went on, as well as the entire Cars town they had built. We stayed in Disneyland for 3 days before we got back on a plane and headed home.

**Now we're all caught up.** Cool. But now I don't have time or enough energy to write anything about recently, so I'll do that tomorrow.

**Goodnight.**
