---
layout: post
title: "June 4, 2014"
date: 2014-06-04 16:40:00
---

**Today I'm going to write about CodeDay** on May 24th-25th. I've been putting off writing about it for a while because I've been busy, but I have a bit of extra time right now, so I thought "why not?". I actually just happen to be wearing my CodeDay shirt today. Cool.

**CodeDay started at noon** on May 24, which was a Saturday. My parents brought me down in our minivan, and we drove for 5 hours straight down to Seattle. CodeDay in Seattle was held at [Porch](http://porch.com/), which is located [here](https://www.google.com/maps/search/1551+Eastlake+Ave+E+Seattle%2C+WA+98103/) if you're interested. We got there a little early, so we went up to the room to see if anyone was there yet, and there was. We met Megh (I hope I'm spelling his name right, I apologize if I'm not), who works at Porch, who greeted us and let us look around inside. The inside of Porch is incredible. Just to give you a *very* brief overview of it, there are literally swings attached to the ceiling that are strong enough to support the weight of someone swinging on them. Just that alone should help you understand how cool it was.

**By 11:45,** most of the other people had arrived. I didn't know anyone, and, for whatever reason, I didn't really strike up a conversation with anyone, probably due to the fact that 90% of the people I saw were at least 10 years older than me. I couldn't find anyone my age, so I didn't talk to anyone, which seems silly, and I guess it is. Or maybe it isn't. I don't know.

**When noon struck,** Megh let everyone inside and told us to go to the kitchen, which is where everyone swarmed to. We sat down at the picnic tables (yes, *picnic tables*), and watched a film that one of the "CodeDay leaders" put on for us. The movie briefly explained how CodeDay works.

**After the movie was over,** anyone with ideas pitched them in front of everyone (about 125 people). We were then allowed to join groups with whoever we wanted. I chose to group with Prenay, the guy who pitched [this idea](https://github.com/trommel/studyline). Then we got to coding.

**About 20 minutes in,** Prenay realized he didn't have the knowledge to code it, and most of the people who had joined the group by then were saying the same thing. About 8 people left the group, and I was left with two brothers, Jeremy and Dylan, who were completely new to programming. None of us had the knowledge to code it, so we decided to go to the workshops that a couple guys put on. There, they taught us the basics of Unity game development, as well as working with C#.

**We went back to our table to work on a rolling ball game,** which is actually a lot more challenging than it sounds. We were essentially going to make a maze game where the player is a ball trying to get out of a labyrinth, but instead made an [almost horror game](https://github.com/trommel/spooky-sprinter), in which the player has to get to the end of the level by dodging walls that will kill the ball. This has to be accomplished as quick as possible.

**This all took 24 hours.** During this time, I drank like 7 Dr. Peppers and had a lot of bags of chips. *I also ate a pack of M&M's. Oh, how very wild.*

**At noon the on the 24th,** we presented our creations. Everyone had coded some awesome stuff. When we went up to present our game, the movement for the ball completely stopped working, so we sat down in shame, confused, since it had been working only 10 minutes before, and we hadn't altered any code since then. But hey, next year, whatever we make, I'm sure it'll work better.

 _10/10 awesome 24 hours of learning and coding. Would CodeDay again._
