---
layout: post
title:  "January 5, 2014"
date:   2014-01-05 18:44:00
---

**I'm going to start this post by partially apologizing.** What I'm going to talk about mainly is the New Year, which occurred 5 days ago. I was late, and I should've written about it then, but I've had other things on my mind, excuses, excuses.

**On the night of December 31st,** I began to write a blog post about how people react towards the New Year. I had written a paragraph before I stopped, realized now was not the time to write, and went to join the party a couple friends were having in celebration of the completion of yet another year. I later published the post as it was. I deleted it the next day after realizing a paragraph is a pointless thing to upload.

**Now, about the New Year.** People treat the New Year as a lot of different things, most people specifically use it as a *new leaf*. People have bad habits, and most of the people with bad habits want to get rid of them. Instead of doing this on any day, they decide they're going to change their fixed attitude when? The end of the year. It's a new beginning to people, but it's setting them all up for failure.

**People put things off. A lot.** We don't like getting things done, that's just humans being humans. Yet, despite this fact, we loath in the great feeling of having had something completed. Nobody wants to exercise, but everybody wants the feeling you get *afterwards*. Nobody wants to study, but everybody wants the intelligence obtained from it. I'm not completely sure where I'm going with this so pull through and keep trying to understand.

**When you put things off you feel good.** Obviously these things all have repercussions. If your boss wants a paper finished by Friday, and you start Thursday night, you're going to have a great week, but a terrible Thursday. Now, you can make your own choices, so don't think I'm telling you *not to do a specific thing.* Taking advice from a 14 year old may not be a wise decision, but hey, at least you're reading this, so that gives me *some* hope.

**Here's an analogy I just thought of:** *If you want to get into a cold pool, you jump in. If you slowly step in through the stairs it's going to be a long painfully executed plan.* This relates to tasks or achievements for the new year. If you want something done, do it as soon as you can. If you want to learn a new food recipe, get in shape, learn a new language, become a better person, do it as soon as the idea strikes your mind. If you put it off until the end of the year you're going to have more pressure built up to finish or complete it. Don't put things off, I can't stress this enough because of how much homework I put off until the *very last minute.* It's a terrible idea, so try your best to refrain from it. But again, like I said, who am I to tell you what to with your life? *Do whatever makes you, and your close ones, happy.*

**I think that's all I have to say.** Go ahead and follow what I've said, or if you don't want to, don't. Except for the "be a better person" part. Everyone can do that.

\--
**Josh**
