---
layout: post
title: "October 20, 2014"
date: 2014-10-20 12:04:00
---

I just realized that it's been over a year since I started blogging
(my first blog post was [here](http://nulljosh.svbtle.com/october-9-2013)),
and I guess I'm going to reflect upon things that happened in the past year,
because I think that's what people do when they realize it's been a year
since a certain thing. A lot has happened in the last year. This year in
particular has gone extremely fast. Time flies. I guess I'm going to attempt
to recap what generally happened in this one blog post. So, here I go.

First, I'll skim over the ending of 2013.

October was pleasant. The only thing I really remember good memory
wise was [Halloween](http://nulljosh.svbtle.com/november-1-2013), where Phil,
Mercedez and I all went out Trick-or-treating, despite all being 14 years-old.
I can assure everybody that last year was *the last year* for that. I don't
really know why we did it, but regardless, it was fun. We didn't go out for too
long, but I do remember coming home feeling a bit sick, stumbling into my room
and talking to Mercedez and Phil for a while before Tyler and Sami showed up
(I'm not even going to bother going over names, if I haven't covered them
before just add them to the database :P). After that I can't even remember
what happened, I think we just played Blackjack but substituted money/poker
chips with candy. I don't know, man, 2013 was a weird year.

I don't remember November in detail too much, because what even happens
in November..?
