---
layout: post
title: "February 23, 2014"
date: 2014-02-23 00:27:00
---

**Today** I read [an article I found interesting](http://byjohnbrandon.com/why-blog), written by [John Brandon](http://byjohnbrandon.com). In the article, John talks about why he blogs, what it means to him, why he likes it, this, that and the other thing. He also says things that made me laugh at 12:27 AM.

> "Blogs were invented in the mid 1800s by really bored Indonesian monks. This was before Blogger and Typepad, so they had to do all of the HTML coding by hand."

**I don't know why I chose today to blog.** I didn't have anything prepared, but reading that article got me thinking about why *I* blog. Thinking over it, I believe it's mostly because I want a permanent capsule of things I've thought about over the past however long.

**When I was six years old,** my grandpa bought me a *SpongeBob SquarePants* journal, which I wrote in until it was filled from cover to cover. Doing so took me about three years. I wrote in it every time I had a thought in my head that I thought lasted longer than normal. If I had a thought that stuck to my brain and wouldn't leave I wrote it down. I came to love the book because quite often I would write something down seriously and come back to read it years later, realizing how childish the topic was. I could laugh at myself, and it entertained me.

**A couple months after I had run out of space in my old journal** I received another one for my birthday (this time it was *Harry Potter* themed), and continued writing down my thoughts in it. I'm currently reading them over, and millions of memories are flying back into my mind. These journals contained every thought that went through my head throughout elementary school. Even recently, before I turned all "eco-friendly" and started blogging, I've found some entries from grade eight.

**Once I had filled out the *Harry Potter* journal,** I went out and bought another one. I still haven't filled up this one, and I probably never will.

**My point of this all is that blogging is incredible,** and that's why I do it. It's a way to vent to myself in the future by expressing what I think in the now. It's a time machine back to the nostalgia I feel every day when I think about how fun it was being a child- not to say that I'm not still a child, although I have better memories from younger years.

**Blogging is *me* writing what's *currently* going on in my mind about the *past* that I'll read in the *future*.**
