---
layout: post
title:  "February 16, 2014"
date:   2014-02-16 20:21:00
---

**Hey guys, It's been a while.** Like, almost a month. Um, I've been busy, so let me go over the things that've happened in the past month in code.

```
relationship = ["Josh", "Mercedez"]; break;
newProject = "nuvel";
```

**Heh, code jokes.** Anyways, Mercedez and I broke up and I started working on a new project with Lakota, as well as [Cameron](http://twitter.com/thetoxicarcade), a new friend. But really, almost nothing has happened.

**I also started getting more into working,** which isn't a correct English sentence. I've started caring more about grades because I don't want to become a heroin addict and end up on the streets after getting C's because that happens to a ton of people obviously. Even in the month that I've been gone I haven't been involved with much that significantly interests me.

**I was invited to senior jazz band at school,** which is an honour. I accepted but, like I expected, I'm pretty far behind the level they're at, so more practicing for me. I now have to wake up two times a week at 5:30 to get to jazz on time, but I'm not complaining because I'll get extra credits.

I've been playing a ton (fifty hours) of [Rust](http://steamcommunity.com/app/252490), and that's just over the past three weeks or so. No idea how I juggle jazz band, school / homework, projects with Lakota, and hours upon hours of Rust. Wait, that sounded egotistical. *I don't juggle it, I do my best.*

**And sometimes I don't have enough time to even do that.** _But that's just an excuse for excellent work or whatever._
