---
layout: post
title: "July 28, 2014"
date: 2014-07-28 18:52:00
---

Okay, so I haven't written a blog post in over a month,
and that's mostly because I really haven't had much to talk about.
School consumes most of the interesting things that go on in my life, and,
whether I like that or not, it's the truth.
[My last post](http://blog.imjosh.me/june-4-2014) was on June 4, and I
wrote about CodeDay, which was extremely awesome, to say at the least.
I put that post off as well, because, if I recall correctly, I wrote it about
a week or two after CodeDay finished.

I put things off a lot. Even simple things.
Sometimes, I even put off things like watching movies,
and that's the only reason I can give for still not having
watched any of the Batman movies (the new ones..?). I actually have a
list of around 50 movies that are regarded as some of the best movies ever
created, and I've put off watching them because I would rather fuck around on
my computer and do nautical nonsense.

I need to change this.

But this blog isn't going to be about that, because I don't want it to.
I don't typically come prepared for these things, mostly because I don't
think or plan for when I'm going to write them. I kind of just look at the
calendar and think "oh, I need to make a blog post this month", because I sort
of have a thing going where that seems necessary to me. I like documenting my
life to a certain extent.

I guess I'll just keep talking and see where it gets me.
Those aren't wise words. Don't quote them.

Oh, I've been working on a git project manager
called [Oliver](https://github.com/trommel/oliver) recently, and
I think it's coming along nicely. I like the way it's headed, and so
far it's pretty sweet.

I also just came back from an "Advanced Programming with C# and C++ camp"
(we oddly didn't even touch C++ whatsoever). It was pretty awesome, and I feel
like I learned a lot. The camp ran for a week, and I stayed overnight in a
building they had there (it was at
[UBC](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/The+University+of+British+Columbia/@49.260605,-123.245994,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x548672cc2fd41e03:0xc79dd4e7732aa2f3)).
That probably sounds extremely vague, but I don't remember anything else
about the location. This was my second year of this camp- last year I took
"Introduction to Java". The camp was, like I said, pretty sweet. I had
an awesome time.

I had my birthday "party" yesterday, so a couple of friends and
I went to [Playland](https://www.google.ca/maps/place/Playland/@49.283883,-123.037117,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x548670de9cb3589b:0x2188f41801d8bea!2sPlayland!3m1!1s0x548670de9cb3589b:0x2188f41801d8bea)
(almost) all day, and we had a pretty sweet time. One of two of the friends
(one had to go home because he was busy the next day) "slept" over
(we ended up staying up until 6 in the morning, which was a terrible decision).
The friend that slept over left a couple of hours ago, and since then I've just
been watching College Humour videos in my pyjamas on my couch.

**Isn't the Summer great?**
