---
layout: post
title: "October 20, 2014"
date: 2014-10-20 12:04:00
---

I just realized that it's been over a year since I started blogging
(my first blog post was [here](http://nulljosh.svbtle.com/october-9-2013)),
and I guess I'm going to reflect upon things that happened in the past year,
because I think that's what people do when they realize it's been a year
since a certain thing. A lot has happened in the last year. This year in
particular has gone extremely fast. I guess I'm going to attempt
to recap what generally happened in this one blog post. So, here I go.

First, I'll skim over the ending of 2013.

October was pleasant. The only thing I really remember good memory
wise was [Halloween](http://nulljosh.svbtle.com/november-1-2013), where Phil,
Mercedez and I all went out Trick-or-treating, despite all being 14 years-old.
I can assure everybody that last year was *the last year* for that. I don't
really know why we did it, but regardless, it was fun. We didn't go out for too
long, but I do remember coming home feeling a bit sick, stumbling into my room
and talking to Mercedez and Phil for a while before Tyler and Sami showed up
(I'm not even going to bother going over names, if I haven't covered them
before just add them to the database :P). After that I can't even remember
what happened, I think we just played Blackjack but substituted money/poker
chips with candy. I don't know, man, 2013 was a weird year.

I don't remember November in detail too much, because what even happens
in November..? There were a lot of colourful leaves, that much I remember.

It's getting late, can I finish this..? It's nearly 12:30AM. *hard blink* Okay.

What I remember of December was nice. December is always nice, though.
I spent a lot of time with Phil and Mercedez and it snowed once, really hard,
which was the last time I remember skipping out of school (only like an hour
  early, during an assembly or something). December was a nice month.

January was odd, and so were the months following it. I don't know why, and
I can never accurately describe how I feel when the months are happening, but
they're almost like alternative September and October months, although not
as peaceful. Back to school after the two weeks of Winter break leaves
me relatively disgruntled when I show up at school, tired and kind of a mess.
Either way, January and the months afterwards (wow, that's vague) weren't
too bad.

May was Swing Night, and that's the last thing I remember about school before
the summer. Swing Night was fun; I danced with Ashley and drank soda
with friends.

Summer was nice and extended, because the teacher's decided to strike right at
the end of the year (June was a panic, I guess *that's* the last thing
I remember about school before the summer, haha). Half of June and all of July
was pretty chill, nothing really happened. Near the end of July I went to
a C# programming camp at UBC for a week. That was my second time at the camp,
last year I went to "Intro to Java". The camp was great, as expected.

August 5th was my 15th birthday and also the first day of my first job,
the most stereotypical job in the existence for a teen; McDonald's. I'm
still working there now, and it's not too bad, despite my constant
tweets arguing that statement. Working and busing + SkyTraining it down to
Vancouver to meet up with [Braeden](https://twitter.com/BraedenMayer),
[Kaleb](https://twitter.com/KalebButt) and
[Douglas](https://twitter.com/istx25) are what I remember the most of August
and September, which we had because of, once again, the extended summer, due
to the teacher's strike. Also, my birthday was fun. I went to Playland with
Devin and Sami, and then Sami slept over and for some reason we stayed up
until 6AM on Omegle Video and then slept until noon. Yeah, I don't have
any way to appropriately comment on that so I'm just going to leave it.

We went back to school approximately three weeks later than we should have.
The first week of school was a blur, seeing everybody's faces again was
nice and I realized that I kind of actually missed some people, so that was
nice to see them again, after the long break. It's been about a month now
(almost) since school started, and really just about every day has been
nearly identical to the last, which kind of depresses me because
there's not much I can do about it. But hey, roll with the punches, I guess.

Anyways, it's getting terribly late for a school night and I have a Spanish
test tomorrow, so I've already made a terrible mistake to stay up this late.

Tomorrow I need to get a good grade on that Spanish test, finish whatever
English and Spanish homework are assigned, finish my Math homework and
complete the Socials project that's due in about a week. I can't tell if
that's a lot on my plate or what. In a week Jayda, Brandon, Devin and I
are participating in [ZoomFest](http://www.zoomfest.com/), a 48-hour long
student film festival. I've been wanting to do it for a while, but I
finally got my shit together this year quick enough to actually enter, so
that's cool.

Anyways, it's been a fun year. It's good to talk about things every so often,
so this blog has been extremely helpful for that. Time flies.
