Hey, it's my monthly check-in, I guess is what this is becoming..? Things are going well, so that's good. Life is more spontaneous than last time I wrote a post, and I think that was my major goal since, like, probably forever (but mostly recently) so that's currently being achieved, I think.

Life is turning up, I think. I'm never really sure, but I think I'm happier now than I was a few months ago. I can't really pinpoint it to a certain one thing, but I feel a bit happier than I was before. Maybe it's just the lessening of the constant repetition, day in, day out, maybe it's something more. I'm just glad I feel happy, since that's sort of what life's purpose it. I've started listening to [Counting Crows](http://open.spotify.com/track/3ubscJVdCC7cqMHIBWqoDk) nonstop. Can't get enough of their music, Adam Duritz and the awesome piano in most songs and Adam Duritz, just listening to their songs kind of makes me feel a bit more lively, I don't really know how to explain it. Listen to [Omaha](http://open.spotify.com/track/2Uwjr7EnHRXMgmL9SmX1Gj), you'll know what I mean.

I don't really know what else to mention here without just saying "spontaneous" on an endless loop, because I think that's all you're going to get out of me for the time being. Listening to this music and kind of thinking about recent events kind of has me going here on the whole spontaneous thing and when I'm going on that I just want to talk about how I want to do stuff like travel with people I love and man you'll never hear the end of it so here's me cutting myself off from that since that's pretty much all I talk about lately alright goodbye