---
layout: post
title: "January 14, 2014"
date: 2014-01-14 20:54:00
---

**Life has been interesting lately.**

**I don't mean anything out of the ordinary has happened.** It hasn't. It never does. The day something in particularly interesting happens I can promise you I'll be out experiencing it. Today I fucked up pretty bad, so I guess if you tried really hard you could count that as interesting. On the last block of the day, I was in Video Production. We're filming our film noir films, and the film we're doing is based off of [my script](http://imjosh.me/backstab), which is pretty cool. Anyways, while we were setting up I attached the camera to the tripod and thought it was screwed on tight enough. It wasn't. I picked up the tripod to move it and the camera fell off. The filter (essentially the glass on the lens) was smashed. Fortunately, the repair will only cost about $30, which Mr. French said he would replace. I forgot to give him a hug for that, but I'll remember next time I see him. Mr. French is definitely up there on the list of great teachers you remember when you're 80.

**I had something else relatively interesting occur today,** so I guess today wasn't as ordinary as it seems. While I was in my double block; Band, Mr. Turi asked me to come to his office / hangout room. Obeying, I slowly walked in it's direction, arriving and waiting for him to show. When he arrived he immediately said *"you're not in trouble"*, which are the 4 best words a teacher can say. He told me that I was invited to attend senior Jazz Band, which is exactly what it sounds like. Seniors are grades 10 - 12, so I'd be in with people a couple years above me. He told me both of his bassists had unexpectedly dropped out, which was "uncool". He said that if I were to accept I wouldn't have to attend normal Jazz Band because of how time consuming it would be. I told him I was happy to attend senior Jazz.

**I'm not going to go over the entire day,** because, aside from those two things, my day really wasn't that interesting. After school, Tyler came over and we essentially did what every 14 year old guy does when they get home. Play video games. Speaking of video games, I hate the term "game". I just wanted to get that out there. If anyone hears me use the term as a serious word, and not pointing awareness to it's intolerable usage, please dump bleach into my intestines. Thank you.

**Today was alright.** I miss people and other people and I'm constantly sleep deprived because my alarm decides it's going to ring at the time I told it to. If I were Jerry Seinfeld I'd make a joke about alarm clocks that only a few range of people actually understand, and then have an 80's bass riff play.

**I have no idea why I even write a blog.** I guess it's a place to spread my emotions around like jam on toast (which tastes terrible, by the way), because I don't like talking to people about the way I feel. In my eyes, ranting to people is about the worst thing you can do, but like many terrible, failed scientists, I have no evidence or reason to back up that theory. It's just something I feel strongly against, so if I ever rant towards you I'm either terribly emotional (which, might I add, doesn't happen often) or I trust you *a lot.* If we go to the movies and you don't buy real butter for my popcorn you might lose that trust. Then again, I don't know why *you'd* be paying for *my* popcorn. What the hell am I even talking about. This is psychotic. My brain is racing. I can't stop talking. I'm listening to [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qUk4SI9utxw) on repeat. It's a good song and it has cool lyrics. Thanks, Devin-Devon for showing me that cool song.

**Please don't judge me on today's blog, I have no idea what I'm talking about today.** No moral lesson I, or anybody surrounding me, learned. *I'm deeply sorry.* I'm going to sleep. Sleep deprivation isn't funny, it's sad.
