I better get to writing this soon because my whole "write a post once a month" thing is about to come to a screeching stop, seeing as I have about 45 minutes left to post this (as of writing this). Alright, let's see what happened in the past month. I'll go look through my calendar.

Groundhog Day and Family Day were this month. I don't know why I'm mentioning that but those are the two first events on my calendar.

Phil's birthday was on the 20th (held on the 19th because Sami couldn't make it on the 20th), so I went to that. We just talked, mostly. There was a pool table in the place Phil rented out so we played pool together.

CodeDay was on Valentine's Day this month. I went to the event in Seattle, as usual. I was single this Valentine's Day (\*cringing\* This sounds like such a teen thing to say) because Jayda and I broke up on the Wednesday prior to it. Not going to discuss it because I don't like discussing things in that personal category, at least not online. CodeDay, however, was fun, once again. Although what we made didn't work out in the end ([notzombs](https://github.com/TheUnderscores/notzombs), a top-down, procedurally generated zombie survival game), it was still an awesome event to go to, once again. I also wrote [Cards](https://github.com/trommel/cards) there, but I didn't get it working until after CodeDay had ended. Regardless, fun time and I met some awesome people there.

Right now I'm listening to [Into The Great Wide Open](http://open.spotify.com/album/42G5ULkCRRl3crJMlg6eKd) on Spotify. Great album. I also really want to make a music video about [Dukes Up](http://open.spotify.com/track/0NnZehYkI36qrtENwR86qS), recorded somewhere urban, like Vancouver, but early in the morning, before the people come out. Maybe I could go down there with *the gang* some time and get some footage and throw together a *good 'ol music video* or something.

Or maybe I could film something even better, like something with a story and plot and a beginning, middle, and end. Who knows.